feat: launch explorer with presolved networks (#724)
open-energy-transition/open-tyndp: doc/plotting.rst

.. automodule:: launch_explorer

Rule ``launch_presolved_explorer``
======================================

> Mirrors the ``launch_explorer`` rule to launch the ``PyPSA-Explorer`` web interface with presolved SB networks from past Open-TYNDP release runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mirrors the ``launch_explorer`` rule to launch the ``PyPSA-Explorer`` web interface with pre-solved SB networks from previous Open-TYNDP release runs.
```
